we would like to present to you
a
my name is Darrell I got a really big
packs if you talk to eat then i'll hit
you with my ass okay that's why then I
might be thrown upon me and I'll put on
a show damage I'm saying some stupid
song elite big flowers and you open the
door but also like children and my small
pet frog Christmas istic game fo fo
Nicholas nigga any pain my name is Bob
death I got one thing to say shut up
these boys ready to face going to see a
song about something very close to my
heart it's a song about zezima
my son zezima in my pants right there
almost instantly he turned on quake then
he pled right in my eyes my pants again
as I started to cry you guys doing
watching this video you could be out
there in your community you'd be
volunteering you can be making something
of yourself but you choose to sit on
your butt and watch runescape videos and
not only just runescape videos it's
videos about this guy that's bald and he
just has noob all the time like what how
is that fun that's just stupid this two
noobs show guy doesn't even pk what's
the point I've never seen him make a max
head video I've never seen him make a PK
video this guy sucks if your girl waste
your time on the computer you might as
well watch a video that's decent
why
goodbye children don't forget three on a
video 5 stars like subscribe to my
channel so you can see my videos and
then you can like there's like Rachel 5
stars again when I released new video
shut the fuck up